Add `Skin of the Year 2023: Results` news post (#10892)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results.md

---
layout: post
title: "Skin of the Year 2023: Results"
date: 2024-02-05 12:00:00 +0000
---

After 2 weeks of furious battle, the winners of this year's Skin of the Year contest have been chosen!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/banner.jpg)

The 2nd annual Skin of the Year contest has concluded, with a total of **5480** users casting their votes, totalling up to **37,426** votes. Once again there was a very close battle between the top 2 skins, but regardless of the actual voting count, every skin highlighted below deserves their spot and will hopefully make its way into many more skin collections.

With the votes tallied up, let's take a look at the top 10.

---

> ![https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1791845](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/KEMOMINI-EDM-SQUAD.jpg)

Reviewer: this is not a clickable link

```suggestion
[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/KEMOMINI-EDM-SQUAD.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1791845)
```

Author: fixed

[Saow](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9782756)'s [- KEMOMINI EDM SQUAD -](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1791845) skin will be very familiar to skin connoisseur's as it was created for last year's [Icons of an Era](/wiki/Contests/Skinning_Contest/4) skinning contest, whose theme revolved around memorable beatmaps and osu! mascots from the last 15 years of osu!. Saow did a beautiful job of capturing the spirit of 2021's ranked map background [true DJ MAG top ranker's song Zenpen (katagiri Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1357624#osu/2809623), and netted themselves the 10th place with **714** votes.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/Ghost-Rule.jpg)

Another "Icons of an Era" skinning contest entry grazes the top 10! [Ghost Rule](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1792933) by [Redo_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7122165) is a skin based on a couple of different beatmap sets of the song with the same name, all featuring similar art of Hatsune Miku. Featuring art by [xootynator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3717598), Redo\_ crafted yet another masterpiece, with which they managed to score **761** votes.

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/Divide-by-8.jpg)

Author: that'd be a question for redo

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/Divide-by-8.jpg)

Reviewer 2: I goofed up, what else can I say :^) I will send @0x84f the fixed files in a sec

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/Everlasting-Moment.jpg)

Despite the fact they have only published 3 skins so far, [Chromasia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7306251) has only released highly polished, quality works of art. So it is no wonder that their entry for "Icons of an Era" has also been received **799** votes for this year's Skin of the Year contest. [Everlasting Moment](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1792308) focuses on art used behind [Seni's iteration of *Chronostasis*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1392153#osu/2874408) by FA [Release Hallucination](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/194), captures the essence very well, and expands upon the theme set up by the background. Definitely be on the lookout for their future releases!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/IT_S-SHOWTIME.jpg)

You really shouldn't be surprised that thetasigma is once again on this list, as they are a mainstay in the skinning community with many contest winning entries under their belt.

> Their 2nd winning entry, [IT'S SHOWTIME! feat. Hatsune Miku](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1864406), was released at the very end of 2023, but still managed to get **827** votes, which really shows how much their skins are beloved by the community. The skin itself has several art-styles sprinkled throughout the skin, ranging from graffiti art to 8 bit skin elements, and of course features the lovely Hatsune Miku! Surely they won't have another entry on this list... right?

Reviewer 3: `Their 2nd winning entry` confused me for a moment as I thought this was related to his contest podium placements, which are more than 2, but this means 2nd within this contest. Not sure if its worth an edit

Author: i think its fine because its saying this is their 2nd entry that got top 10, and right under is the 3rd one. i wont resolve for now to get more opinions

</div>

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/SOTY2023-Fool-Moon-Night@2x.jpg)

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/Windosu.jpg)

An unexpected issue has occurred, causing this top 10 list to crash. Error code: N05T@LG1@_0V3RL0@D. [Miorine](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12630408) harnessed the full power of the holy trinity — early 2000s nostalgia, an extremely popular Windows operating system, and creativity. With those three combined, [Windosu XP](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1790353) was crafted, and it caught the attention of the community right off the bat. Regardless of the fact that this is only the 2nd skin ever published by Miorine, they perfectly captured the nostalgia of many players which netted them a whopping **1511** votes, almost 400 more than 3rd place!

<div align="center">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/SOTY2023-Windosu-XP@2x.jpg)

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-05-skin-of-the-year-2023-results/Whitecat.jpg)

> Everyone thought they were real funny commenting "rafis 2018-03-26 HDDT", or something along those lines. Well as it turns out, a skin with a similar amount of value, both historical and meme-wise, won this competition... Yup, [cyperdark](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9893708)'s [WhiteCat 3.0](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1864774) has been elected as **the** Skin of the Year, with **1574** votes! There isn't too much to say about the skin itself — it's centred around the top player [WhiteCat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4504101), it's clean, and it comes in a billion different variations to suit the needs of as many players as possible.

Reviewer: can you explain what rafis has to do with this

Author: Check the first post and the top comment

Author: just to clarify since i cant access the osu website on my work's network:
![image](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/assets/24534022/1ba73c4d-aca5-48c2-922a-21fb0f8e551e)

<div align="center">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/SOTY2023-WhiteCat@2x.jpg)

---

> The top 3 entries will all receive a unique profile badge based on their entry along with 4, 3 and 2 months of osu!supporter respectively, and entries #4 — #10 will all receive a month of osu!supporter each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top 3 entries will all receive a unique profile badge based on their entry along with 4, 3 and 2 months of osu!supporter respectively, and entries #4–10 will all receive a month of osu!supporter each.
```

If you are curious about the full results for all entries, or just want to see where your favourite skins placed, you can find them over on the [contest listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/194).

> The skinning community might be underrated, but it's one of those communities that are right in the centre of this game's heart. Making sure all players have a skin that perfectly suits them, presenting stunning visual themes along with smooth gameplay, and just going above and beyond every time with their creativity. Thank you to all skinning community members, congratulations to all the winners, and just like the default skin's seeya.wav says, "*see you next time*"!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The skinning community might be underrated, but they are right in the centre of this game's heart, making sure all players have a skin that perfectly suits them, presenting stunning visual themes along with smooth gameplay, and just going above and beyond every time with their creativity.

Thank you to all skinners, congratulations to the winners, and just like the default skin's `seeya.wav` says, *see you next time*!
```
